Waypoint doc updates (#15051)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/ambient/usage/troubleshoot-waypoint/index.md

---

> title: Troubleshoot connectivity issues with waypoints

Reviewer: Could be waypoint not enforcing policies also... that is when user would mostly need this doc for. why their waypoint isn't working, or why traffic is broken.

@ilrudie @craigbox thoughts?

Requests to the `reviews` service should be enforced by the `reviews-svc-waypoint` for any L7 policies.
Requests to the `reviews` `v2` pod should be enforced by the `reviews-v2-pod-waypoint` for any L7 policies.

> 1.  If your L7 configuration isn't applied, run `istioctl analyze` first to check if your configuration has a validation issue.

Reviewer 2: **nit** "isn't applied" sounds to me like it was rejected by validation in the Kubernetes API but that may just be me so feel free to ignore...
```suggestion
1.  If your L7 configuration isn't working as expected, run `istioctl analyze` first to check if your configuration has a validation issue.
```

    {{< text bash >}}
    $ istioctl analyze
    ✔ No validation issues found when analyzing namespace: default.
    {{< /text >}}

> 1.  Determine which waypoint is applying the L7 configuration for your service or pod.

Reviewer 2: again, sort of nit picking wording that seems off to my mind, feel free to ignore
```suggestion
1.  Determine which waypoint is implementing the L7 configuration for your service or pod.
```
